Update ingress-sds (#4906)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/traffic-management/ingress/secure-ingress-sds/index.md

    {{< /text >}}

> 1. Instead of creating a single secret `httpbin-credential` that holds all the credentials, you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Instead of creating a `httpbin-credential` secret to hold all the credentials, you can
```

>    also create two separate secrets, `httpbin-credential` and `httpbin-credential-cacert`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   create two separate secrets: 
   
   - `httpbin-credential` holds the server's key and certificate
   -`httpbin-credential-cacert` holds the client's CA certificate and must have the `-cacert` suffix   
```

>    `httpbin-credential` holds server key and server certificate. `httpbin-credential-cacert` holds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    the client CA certificate, and it should contain `-cacert` suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     {{< text bash >}}

Reviewer: Please introduce the code block to readers. This provides them with the context they need to link the commands to the text. 
```suggestion
Create the two separate secrets with the following commands:

    {{< text bash >}}
```
